# Aditi-s-Inquiry

Day 1 - Since I'm still indecisive, I went and searched up for ideas for what I could with Java. I came across many interestings things, such as economic applications like an airline reservation system and management systems as well. Though I didn't really come across anything on games, I found out that Java is heavily employed in creating Android apps.

Day 2 - The goals for today were to wrap up brainstorming and get deeper into research, as well as start some of the coding. The project will most likely be a simulator or a story game of some sorts. Something that I would definitely want to implement in the game is graphics, as it's something I haven't had much exposure to in Java and would be something I could learn more about through this project. For the IDE, I decided to use repl.it, as it would make it easier to work on this project from home. I will continue documentation through Schoology and Github, as well as updates on Trello. Currently, brainstorming is over, and now planning and research are in progress, and will continue on forth while the project is being coded.

Day 3 - Today I wanted to get going with planning, and to decide what my final project is going to be, as well as start pseudocode for the non-graphics part of the game. I have determined my project will be a zombie apocalype simulator. As previously stated, I am using repl as an ID for convenience reasons, and am working on planning the game, and continuing to research on Java graphics.

Day 4 - Today was just a day to continue to work on pseudocode and just that. I'm still working on it, but it's going along pretty well. I'm not sure how long the game should be, and I don't know if adding 2D Animation graphics is a possibility. I've started putting up some of the pseudocode on repl. 
